well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
republicans
finally starting to uh call the
president
out distance themselves and why that's
happening
and why it doesn't matter it shouldn't
matter
at all uh it's
posturing obviously because of the
election
all of a sudden you've got mcconnell
saying that
well he hadn't been to the white house
in months because he didn't think that
the president was taking the proper
precautions
he got corning saying that well the
president was
out over his skis you know he didn't
really know how to deal with it
yeah that sounds good that's that
definitely makes you sound smarter than
trump
like you're more capable than him
i got a question senator mcconnell if
you knew for months that the president
wasn't
up to the task why weren't you sounding
the alarm
you stayed quiet as tens of thousands
of holes got dug
i don't think that the simple uh
distancing routine
is going to work this time and that's
what's going on right
because as uh senator cruz said y'all
are looking at a defeat
of watergate proportions quote
all of a sudden people remember their
duty
yes senator tillis in north carolina
you got to keep me in the senate so i
can act as a check against president
biden
first already assuming that trump's
gonna lose
but see there's that other part to this
why would anybody in north carolina
trust that he would do that
i mean he didn't act as a check against
president trump
which is his job
the legislative branch is a co-equal
branch of government
it's not supposed to be a rubber stamp
people in the senate aren't supposed to
be uh yes men
they're supposed to advocate for their
constituents those people who sent them
there they're supposed to represent
them but that didn't happen
because they put party over country
they didn't sound the alarm they didn't
serve as a check
i don't know that just simple distance
inc is going to work this time
it shouldn't it won't with me
i mean to be honest if you were one of
those people who
enabled trump even if you win reelection
six years from now i'm going to remember
it
i will be supporting whoever your
opposition is
we're going to have to de-trumpify go
through trumpification
of anybody who enabled this
because there are two hundred thousand
americans who can't uh
who won't have a chance to express their
disapproval
didn't go there for months glad you kept
yourself safe senator
this election is uh
has a lot riding on it in a lot of
different ways
but i think one of the big tests
it doesn't really have anything to do
with the candidates
it has to do with the american people
and whether the american people are
going to see through
the normal political tactics
in my opinion they should hold a grudge
the way these guys
held trump's coattails all these years
enabled them everything
that went wrong
they allowed it to happen
you can't forget that
it's up to the american people to see
through this distancing routine
oh the president's suddenly unpopular
we really we really don't even like the
guy
because now we realize that biden's
leading in
every swing state and has turned georgia
and texas into possible swing states
all of a sudden you care about what the
people think
but you haven't ever since trump was
elected
i hope the american people remember that
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day